John has his own 3-dimensional space. He currently has N distinct points that belong to this space.

Today John is connecting the points with each other. In each step, he chooses two points and connects them together by drawing a curved line between them. After that he always puts single point somewhere on the curved line. Note that this point initially has 2 connections, and it can be further connected by curve lines with others. Also note that multiple curved-lines can be drawn between each pair of points. 

There is one condition: each point which currently has strictly less than K connections can be used for making new connections again. 

John wants to maximize total number of drawn curve lines. Help him and calculate how many curve lines can John draw. Note that a pair of point can be connected multiple times with different curved lines.

PS: Refer to the explanation/image given below for more clarity.

Input Format 
The first line contains a single integer T, representing the number of test cases to follow. Each of the following T lines (or testcases) contains two integers separated by single space: N - the number of points in three-dimensional space, K - number of maximum connections that can be made for the present testcase.

Output Format 
For each of the test case, print the count of drawn curve lines, or −1 if John will never end connecting the points.

Constraints 
1≤T≤50 
1≤N≤109 
0≤K≤10

Sample Input:

5
7 0
47 1
2 2
2 3
3 10
Sample Output:

0
23
2
5
-1
Explanation 
Sample Case #00: Points are not allowed to be connected at all, so no curved-line can be drawn. 
Sample Case #01: Since only one line can be drawn out of a point, at most 23 pair of points can be joined via curves. 
Sample Case #02: John connects both points twice. It yields four points two initial and two appended. All points are connected twice. 
Sample Case #03: Following picture illustrates the process of connecting the points. Orange points with three edges no longer can be connected. 

https://hr-challenge-images.s3.amazonaws.com/3051/connecting-points.gif

Sample Case #04: John will never stop adding points.